Add News page and some initial posts (#18)
djangocon/2023.djangocon.eu: _posts/2023-01-16-announcing-call-for-proposals.md

We invite you to submit your proposal no matter your background or experience level with Django. Proposals can be from a wide range of topics; non-Django and community topics are welcome. You can look at our [talk schedule](https://2022.djangocon.eu/talks/schedule/) from last year for reference.

We welcome first-timers! If you haven’t spoken at a conference or given a tutorial before, this is your invitation to do so. Don’t let the idea that you’re not famous or an expert stop you from submitting. It certainly won’t stop us from selecting your talk or tutorial and it won’t stop the audience from enjoying it!

Plus there are perks! Presenters get free admission to DjangoCon Europe, including admission to the social event! 

For more information on talk and tutorial formats, please check out our [speaker information page](/speaking/).

We want everyone attending DjangoCon Europe to feel safe, welcome, and included. To that end, we have a [Code of Conduct](/conduct/) for all speakers and attendees.

> If you have questions feel free [to contact the content team]((mailto:content@djangocon.eu)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have questions feel free [to contact the content team](mailto:{{ site.content_email }}).
```
